update Dogg-Fly@AnotherStupidBalatroMod description (#367)
skyline69/balatro-mod-index: mods/Dogg_Fly@AnotherStupidBalatroMod/description.md

# Another Stupid Balatro Mod

> welcome to Another Stupid Balatro Mod in this mod you will find many interesting Jokers and others that look like crap. This mod contains 155 new Jokers, consumables and more content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
welcome to Another Stupid Balatro Mod in this mod you will find many interesting Jokers and others that look like crap. This mod contains more than 150 new Jokers, consumables and more content
```
wdyt of this instead?
